# 2ndsubThesisF2023
This repository contains the codes from my DSS thesis 
This repository contains the following notebooks: 
LR, NB, DT, RF: This file contains the code to train different classifiers (Logistic Regression, Naive Bayes, Decision Tree, Random Forest) on the original data. A confusion matrix shows which classifier performs best. 
SVM: This file contains the code to train a classifier in the form of a Support Vector Machine. This took a long time to train, so therefore this was done in a separate notebook.  
Word to number mapping: This file contains the peformance of the classifier in the form of a Logistic Regression. After this, the first obfuscation technique is applied to the original data. This obfuscation method was done on the testset and has Leetspeak as inspiration. The confusion matrix shows a big performance drop of the classifier after the application of the first obfuscation method. 
LR & NLTK: This file contains the code of the classifier in a form of a Logistic Regression. Next to this, this file contains the code to show how the NLTK obfuscates the text of the original dataset, and what the performance is when you use this as an obfuscation method. 
T5 with METEOR and BLEU: This file contains the performance of the classifier in the form of a Logistic Regression. After this, the second obfuscation method is applied. This is done my paraphrasing the original text with a Text-to-text Transfer Transformer (T5, base). The confusion matrix shows a big performance drop compared to the performance of the classifier on the original data, but the drop is not as big as with word-to-number mapping. After the application of T5, METEOR and BLEU are used to measure the semantic consistency between the obfuscated and the original text. 
